okay guys plexi here in Skyrim without a
horse basically it all has to do with
any perk that allows you to heal you
with healing spells so I tool cast the
healing spells Wow also blowing my
cooldowns for so basically
but yeah oops
also it's you climb upwards just look
back and forth and your guy will
eventually find a foothold to climb off
yeah I'll show you what I'm talking
about there's a dragon great anyway
and go into where is it skill sorry
you can get all the way over to where we
I'm not trying to show off my stuff
barely have anything actually but you
get over to the restoration I want the
entirely backwards way and come over
here they need 40 resto to get respite
it feels your stamina when you see
yourself so you can just
yeah here your stamina and sprint all
day ball enjoy guys